Update incremental-microbatch.md (#6303)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/build/incremental-microbatch.md

Read and participate in the discussion: [dbt-core#10672](https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt-core/discussions/10672)

> Refer [here]([url](https://docs.getdbt.com/docs/build/incremental-strategy#supported-incremental-strategies-by-adapter)) for supported adapters. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to [Supported incremental strategies by adapter](/docs/build/incremental-strategy#supported-incremental-strategies-by-adapter) for a list of supported adapters. 
```
